Add note on Partitioning Oracle attacks (#237)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-hpke: draft-irtf-cfrg-hpke.md

an attacker can mount a partitioning oracle attack {{LGR20}} which can recover
the PSK from a set of `S` possible PSK values, with |S| = m\*k, in roughly
m + log k queries to the oracle using ciphertexts of length proportional to

> k, the maximum message length in blocks.
> 
> (HPKE uses a different base nonce for each key, so the multi-collision
> algorithm from {{LGR20}} needs to be slightly adapted to compute the appropriate
> nonce for each candidate key. This adds one call to HKDF per key.
> The number of partitioning oracle queries stays unchanged.)
> 
> The PSK must therefore be chosen with
> sufficient entropy so that m + log k is prohibitive for attackers (e.g., 2^128).
> Future specifications can define new AEAD algorithms which are key-committing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
k, the maximum message length in blocks. (Applying the multi-collision algorithm from
{{LGR20}} requires a small adaptation to the algorithm wherein the appropriate nonce
is computed for each candidate key. This modification adds one call to HKDF per key.
The number of partitioning oracle queries remains unchanged.) As a result, the PSK
must therefore be chosen with sufficient entropy so that m + log k is prohibitive for
attackers (e.g., 2^128). Future specifications can define new AEAD algorithms which
are key-committing.
```
